Context: Hello and welcome to a huge game (another one) for Manchester United and their head coach Ruben Amorim as they take on Sunderland at Old Trafford. Ruben Amorim is facing a must-win fixture with pressure potentially reaching boiling point at Manchester United ahead of their crucial clash against Sunderland this afternoon. 
United sit in 14th after their most recent defeat of the campaign, a 3-1 defeat to Brentford, and now face the difficult task of hosting a high-flying Black Cats side at Old Trafford. The latest defeat denied Amorim the chance to end a dismal record of failing to secure back-to-back league games in the same season since May 2024. It's now or never for the United boss.
Senne Lammens is in for his Manchester United debut as Altay Bayindir drops to the bench. Matheus Cunha is also among the United substitutes as Mason Mount is in Ruben Amorim’s team for this one.
Old Trafford to hold minute's silence after terrorist attack. Manchester United and Sunderland will hold a minute's silence ahead of their meeting at Old Trafford on Saturday in tribute of the victims of Thursday's terror attack on a synagogue in Greater Manchester. Players will also wear black armbands as a mark of respect for the two men who died in the attack at the Heaton Park Hebrew Congregation Synagogue in Crumpsall.
This will be Ruben Amorim’s 50th game in charge of Man Utd in all competitions – none of the last five managers to hit 50 games have won their 50th (D3 L2 – Moyes, van Gaal, Mourinho, Solskjaer, ten Hag), with Alex Ferguson the last to win his 50th match back in November 1987 away at Bury.

Lineups are announced
Manchester United: Lammens, Shaw, De Ligt, Yoro, Dalot, Amad, Casemiro, Fernandes, Mount, Mbeumo, Sesko.
Subs: Bayindir, Dorgu, Heaven, Leon, Maguire, Mainoo, Ugarte, Cunha, Zirkzee.

Sunderland: Roefs, Hume, Mukiele, Alderete, Masuaku, Xhaka, Sadiki, Le Fee, Traore, Adingra, Isidor.
Subs: Patterson, Neil, Ballard Geertruida, Talbi, Brobbey, Rigg, Mayenda, O’Nien.

1' Kick Off! First Half begins. Sunderland kick us off after a respectfully observed silence.
3: BIG EARLY CHANCE FOR SUNDERLAND! That was easy. Adingra is released down the line by Xhaka and his low cross is fizzed across the box. Traore comes in from six yards out but completely misses his kick.
3' Offside, Sunderland. Simon Adingra is caught offside. "The flag actually went up following that Traore chance but not clear from the replays whether VAR would have overruled had he converted. It was close."
4' Foul by Benjamin Sesko (Manchester United).
4' Granit Xhaka (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
6: CHANCE! United find space as the play turns over. Amad drives inside and feeds Mbeumo inside the box. He tries to turn Masuaku and get a shot away but the defenders sticks to his task.
6' Foul by Bryan Mbeumo (Manchester United).
6' Simon Adingra (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
8' Goal! Manchester United 1, Sunderland 0. Mason Mount (Manchester United) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Bryan Mbeumo with a cross. AMORIM'S SELECTION VINDICATED! This is a wonderful finish from Mount. Mbeumo sends a ball in from the right and Mount collects it with a sublime touch about 20 yards out. He then controls a fantastic low finish that beats Roefs. "Amorim needed that. It is a fine finish but the first touch makes it, collecting Mbeumo's cross expertly. Sunderland have started positively but that has brought Old Trafford to life."
10' Foul by Simon Adingra (Sunderland).
10' Amad Diallo (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
14' Enzo Le Fée (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Good pressure around Le Fee as United hunt the ball back. Dalot makes the foul but Amorim won't mind that - good hustle.
14' Foul by Diogo Dalot (Manchester United).
15' Offside, Sunderland. Wilson Isidor is caught offside. "The wind is a factor with long throws and crosses, making defending a little awkward. Noticeable already that Lammens is comfortable with either foot even in the blustery conditions."
17' Delay in match because of an injury Granit Xhaka (Sunderland). Delay over. They are ready to continue.
21' CHANCE! Attempt saved. Amad Diallo (Manchester United) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal by Robin Roefs (Sunderland). Assisted by Benjamin Sesko. The dynamic between Mbeumo and Amad looks very dangerous.
22' Attempt saved! Bryan Mbeumo (Manchester United) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner by Robin Roefs (Sunderland). Assisted by Amad Diallo. This time Amad beats a flagging Masuaku and finds Mbeumo on the edge who has similar ideas to what Amad did a few moments ago. His effort again is palmed clear by Roefs.
23' Attempt missed. Bruno Fernandes (Manchester United) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right.
24' Trai Hume (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
24' Foul by Benjamin Sesko (Manchester United).
25' OFF THE BAR! Attempt saved. Bruno Fernandes (Manchester United) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner by Robin Roefs (Sunderland). Assisted by Mason Mount. United are purring. Bruno, without much back-lift, digs out a clever strike from 22 yards out. It looks like nestling in the top corner but Roefs gets such an important finger to the ball to push it onto the bar.
25' Attempt missed. Amad Diallo (Manchester United) header from the right side of the six yard box misses to the left. Amad then should bury the rebound but heads his effort across goal. "So good by Fernandes, that. Roefs is the chant from the Sunderland fans. It is a stunning fingertip save. Slick stuff from United in slick conditions. The Stretford End are up. There were boos when Sunderland switched ends before kick-off but they are enjoying this now."
27' Corner, Manchester United. Conceded by Arthur Masuaku.
28' Foul by Omar Alderete (Sunderland).
28' Bryan Mbeumo (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
29' Foul by Omar Alderete (Sunderland).
29' Bryan Mbeumo (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
29' Booking. Omar Alderete (Sunderland) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Mbeumo draws one foul too many by Alderete who pulls him back right in front of the referee. First card. United in complete control.
31' Goal! Manchester United 2, Sunderland 0. Benjamin Sesko (Manchester United) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom left corner. A LONG THROW DOES THE JOB! Horrendous marking from Sunderland - but Sesko will not care! Dalot pings the throw into the box and Sunderland fail to deal with the first ball, flicking it across goal. There waiting to pounce is Sesko who prods home his first goal at Old Trafford. Wasn't this supposed to be a difficult afternoon? United making the job look easy.
33' Attempt saved. Bertrand Traoré (Sunderland) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner by Senne Lammens (Manchester United). Assisted by Arthur Masuaku with a cross.
35' Attempt missed. Bertrand Traoré (Sunderland) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Simon Adingra with a cross.
35' Foul by Noah Sadiki (Sunderland).
35' Bruno Fernandes (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
35' Booking. Noah Sadiki (Sunderland) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
37' Substitution, Sunderland. Dan Ballard replaces Simon Adingra. Adingra is hooked for a tactical switch. Ballard is coming on and Sunderland are switching to a back three. "Ballard for Adingra. After all the chatter about Amorim's formation, that has to be seen as a victory for the United coach as Sunderland appear to have gone to three at the back. They were struggling to cope."
38' Bertrand Traoré (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
38' Foul by Luke Shaw (Manchester United).
41' CLOSE! Attempt missed. Diogo Dalot (Manchester United) left footed shot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the left.
41' Foul by Noah Sadiki (Sunderland).
41' Bruno Fernandes (Manchester United) wins a free kick on the left wing.
44' Attempt saved. Granit Xhaka (Sunderland) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner by Senne Lammens (Manchester United). Assisted by Bertrand Traoré. Bullet of a strike from the Sunderland man from 30 yards. A first test for Lammens and he stands firm, pushing the ball to safety.
44' Corner, Sunderland. Conceded by Senne Lammens.
45' Noah Sadiki (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
45' Foul by Benjamin Sesko (Manchester United). "Huge cheers for Lammens as he claims a cross. Old Trafford enjoyed that."
45'+1 Fourth official has announced 3 minutes of added time.
45'+2 Attempt blocked. Bruno Fernandes (Manchester United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Amad Diallo.
45'+2 Bertrand Traoré (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
45'+2 Foul by Mason Mount (Manchester United).
45'+3 Corner, Sunderland. Conceded by Diogo Dalot.
45'+5 VAR Decision: No Penalty Sunderland. NO PENALTY! The officials eventually get to the right decision. Stuart Attwell announces his decision to the Old Trafford crowd, who cheer once again. "Strange one that because Sesko does raise his foot but the kick is a nudge to the shoulder if anything at all and certainly not the face. It is the ball that hits the face. That is enough to overturn the call."
45'+7 CHANCE! Attempt missed. Dan Ballard (Sunderland) header from the left side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Granit Xhaka with a cross following a corner.
45'+7 First Half ends, Manchester United 2, Sunderland 0. Just what the doctor ordered for Ruben Amorim. A controlled half of football where they've scored twice - and deservedly so. Mount opened the scoring before Sesko netted a poachers goal from close range. Sunderland have looked every inch a newly promoted team today. Outclassed.

46' Second Half begins Manchester United 2, Sunderland 0. United just don't need to do anything stupid here. The game is there for them. No changes at the break. Let's play.
47' Foul by Dan Ballard (Sunderland).
47' Benjamin Sesko (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
53' Foul by Arthur Masuaku (Sunderland).
53' Amad Diallo (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
55' Attempt missed. Bryan Mbeumo (Manchester United) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Benjamin Sesko. Good pressure again off the ball from United to press successfully. The turnover results in Mbeumo breaking into the box but his finish sails off target.
56' Foul by Enzo Le Fée (Sunderland).
56' Amad Diallo (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
57' Attempt blocked. Leny Yoro (Manchester United) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Bruno Fernandes.
57' Bertrand Traoré (Sunderland) has gone down, but the referee deems it simulation. "He's clearly tripped by Bruno Fernandes. Clearly. It's a harsh booking."
57' Booking. Bertrand Traoré (Sunderland) is shown the yellow card.
58' Substitution, Sunderland. Eliezer Mayenda replaces Bertrand Traoré.
58' Substitution, Sunderland. Chemsdine Talbi replaces Arthur Masuaku.
59' Substitution, Sunderland. Brian Brobbey replaces Wilson Isidor.
63' Corner, Sunderland. Conceded by Luke Shaw. "The wind is playing havoc with the ball right now."
63' Attempt missed. Trai Hume (Sunderland) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right following a corner.
64' Substitution, Manchester United. Patrick Dorgu replaces Diogo Dalot.
65' Substitution, Manchester United. Matheus Cunha replaces Mason Mount. "Standing ovation for Mount."
65' Handball by Patrick Dorgu (Manchester United).
66' Attempt blocked. Chemsdine Talbi (Sunderland) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked.
70' Attempt missed. Casemiro (Manchester United) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Amad Diallo.
72: CROSS! Sunderland work it down the channel with Mukilele and he pings a flashy ball across the six-yard box. There are no takers.
76' Foul by Granit Xhaka (Sunderland).
76' Matheus Cunha (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
76' Booking. Granit Xhaka (Sunderland) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
77' Substitution, Manchester United. Kobbie Mainoo replaces Bryan Mbeumo.
79' CHANCE! Attempt missed. Eliezer Mayenda (Sunderland) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Chemsdine Talbi.
79' Substitution, Sunderland. Lutsharel Geertruida replaces Trai Hume. "Amorim's name being chanted now. Not the loudest but the Stretford End getting it going."
81' Attempt missed. Matheus Cunha (Manchester United) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Bruno Fernandes.
81' Brian Brobbey (Sunderland) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
81' Foul by Casemiro (Manchester United).
81' Booking. Casemiro (Manchester United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. "Needless card to pick up."
83' Handball by Noah Sadiki (Sunderland). Just an expected goals return of 0.15 in the second half from Sunderland. They've looked out of ideas. 
84' Corner, Manchester United. Conceded by Lutsharel Geertruida.
84' CHANCE! Attempt missed. Matheus Cunha (Manchester United) header from very close range misses to the right. Assisted by Bruno Fernandes with a cross following a corner.
85' Substitution, Manchester United. Manuel Ugarte replaces Casemiro.
85' Substitution, Manchester United. Harry Maguire replaces Leny Yoro.
87' Offside, Manchester United. Amad Diallo is caught offside.
88: This has been very un-Manchester United like in the second half. Very solid and unspectacular. Which is good when leading 2-0, very professional. This clean sheet would mean a lot.
89' Attempt saved. Matheus Cunha (Manchester United) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal by Robin Roefs (Sunderland). Assisted by Patrick Dorgu.
90' BIG CHANCE! Attempt saved. Chemsdine Talbi (Sunderland) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal by Senne Lammens (Manchester United). Assisted by Eliezer Mayenda. That would've made things interesting. Mayenda turns and opens the game up. He feeds Taldi inside the area but his finish is straight at Lammens. Nice way to cap off his debut for the goalkeeper.
90'+1 Fourth official has announced 5 minutes of added time.
90'+4 Eliezer Mayenda (Sunderland) wins a free kick on the right wing.
90'+4 Foul by Luke Shaw (Manchester United).
90'+4 Foul by Lutsharel Geertruida (Sunderland).
90'+4 Patrick Dorgu (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
90'+6 Second Half ends, Manchester United 2, Sunderland 0. A huge result for Ruben Amorim before the international break. The noise will be quietened down now for a week or so. They were simply in job-done mode once they got their lead courtesy of Mount and Sesko. And Sunderland simply didn't have the quality to unlock them. Something to build on. Manchester United made it three wins in a row at Old Trafford as they eased the pressure on Ruben Amorim with a 2-0 win over Sunderland.


