Context: Manchester United have won two of their last three home Premier League matches (L1), as many as in their previous 11 at Old Trafford combined (W2 D2 L7). 
They are looking for consecutive home league victories within the same season and under the same manager for the first time since December 2023 under Erik ten Hag.

Heavy rain in Manchester - The Manchester weather is in full swing and the home team's substitutes have headed into the dressing room early to take cover from the rain. These conditions should make for an exciting game.
Old Trafford is in good voice ahead of kick-off.  The fans are backing their team. Let's see if the players can deliver a performance for them. Chelsea haven't won here since Sir Alex Ferguson retired but will fancy their chances.

1' Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
Manchester Utd: Bayindir, Mazraoui, De Ligt, Maguire, Shaw, Dorgu, Fernandes, Casemiro, Mbeumo, Amad, Sesko.
Subs: Lammens, Fredericson, Heaven, Yoro, Mainoo, Mount, Ugarte, Cunha, Zirkzee. 

Chelsea: Sanchez, James, Chalobah, Fofana, Cucurella, Caicedo, Enzo, Estevao, Palmer, Neto, Joao Pedro.
Subs: Jorgensen, Gusto, Tosin, Hato, Andrey Santos, Garnacho, Gittens, George, Guiu. 

1' First Half begins. KICK OFF! We are under way at Old Trafford... Can Ruben Amorim's side secure just their second win of the season or will Chelsea remain unbeaten in the Premier League? Time to find out...
3' Huge Chance! - Attempt saved. Bryan Mbeumo (Manchester United) header from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner by Robert Sánchez (Chelsea). Assisted by Patrick Dorgu with a cross.
4' Another Chance - Dorgu is involved again but this time the ball falls to him. He chests it down and is about to shoot from inside the area but James recovers to poke it clear. Really strong start from United.
4' Foul by Robert Sánchez (Chelsea).
4' Bryan Mbeumo (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
5' Dismissal - Robert Sánchez (Chelsea) is shown the red card.
6' Substitution, Chelsea: Filip Jörgensen replaces Estêvão.
7' Substitution, Chelsea: Tosin Adarabioyo replaces Pedro Neto.
8' Attempt blocked. Bruno Fernandes (Manchester United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
8' Attempt blocked. Bryan Mbeumo (Manchester United) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
9' Corner, Manchester United. Conceded by Wesley Fofana.
9' Attempt missed. Harry Maguire (Manchester United) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Casemiro following a corner.
9' Corner, Manchester United. Conceded by Filip Jörgensen. PRESSURE BUILDING! Jorgensen is called into action for the first time to stop a cross reaching De Ligt following the corner. Another one coming up for United. "Chelsea under siege,"
10' Attempt blocked. Amad Diallo (Manchester United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
12' WIDE! De Ligt tries his luck from long range but drags his shot wide of the target...
14' Goal! Manchester United 1, Chelsea 0. Bruno Fernandes (Manchester United) right footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Patrick Dorgu with a headed pass. That goal had been coming but even before the red card for Sanchez, the hosts were on top. United's captain leading from the front, putting his side ahead.
14' "Huge goal for Fernandes and Manchester United. The captain steps up after a week when there has been so much debate about his role in this team. He certainly managed to get into a goalscoring position for that goal. That was a poacher's finish."
17' Enzo Fernández (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
17' Foul by Casemiro (Manchester United).
17' Casemiro (Manchester United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
18' Attempt missed. Bryan Mbeumo (Manchester United) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Bruno Fernandes.
20' Foul by João Pedro (Chelsea).
20' Matthijs de Ligt (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
21' Substitution, Chelsea. Andrey Santos replaces Cole Palmer. A third substitution for Chelsea as Palmer is taken off by Maresca for Andrey Santos! Palmer did not look happy there... Their star man grabs a coat, says hello to Mainoo on the touchline, and then heads towards the tunnel. Also, perhaps the injury niggle carried by Palmer might have pushed Maresca to substitute him.
21' Foul by Reece James (Chelsea).
21' Patrick Dorgu (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
22' Corner, Chelsea. Conceded by Noussair Mazraoui.
23' Attempt blocked. Moisés Caicedo (Chelsea) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
25' Delay in match because of an injury Marc Cucurella (Chelsea).
26' Delay over. They are ready to continue.
28' Foul by Marc Cucurella (Chelsea).
28' Bryan Mbeumo (Manchester United) wins a free kick on the right wing.
29' Enzo Fernández (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
29' Foul by Luke Shaw (Manchester United).
30' Foul by Marc Cucurella (Chelsea).
30' Noussair Mazraoui (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
32' DANGER! Mbeumo lifts the ball into the box but Chalobah heads it clear before it can reach Sesko. 
33' UNITED HAVE THE BALL IN THE NET... BUT THE BALL WENT OUT OF PLAY! Mbeumo does brilliantly to thread the pass to Amad, who shifts it onto his right foot before crossing the ball to an open Sesko in the box. He nods the ball into the back of the net but his celebrations are cut short by the flag. Amad carried the ball out of play before finding his teammate.
35' Offside, Manchester United. Amad Diallo is caught offside.
36' Corner, Manchester United. Conceded by Wesley Fofana.
37' Attempt blocked. Luke Shaw (Manchester United) header from the centre of the box is blocked.
37' Goal! Manchester United 2, Chelsea 0. Casemiro (Manchester United) header from the right side of the six yard box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Shaw. Dorgu's header balloons into the air inside the box and it's Shaw who rises highest to meet it, heading it into the path of Casemiro to steer home from close range!
41' João Pedro (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
41' Foul by Bruno Fernandes (Manchester United).
43' Marc Cucurella (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
43' BIG CHANCE! Sesko and Fernandes work the ball well between themselves and it ends with the United captain playing the ball back to his striker, who can't control it. If he had, he would've been placed perfectly to test Jorgensen. 
43' Foul by Benjamin Sesko (Manchester United).
44' Foul by Marc Cucurella (Chelsea).
44' Noussair Mazraoui (Manchester United) wins a free kick on the right wing.
44' Marc Cucurella (Chelsea) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
45'+1 Fourth official has announced 9 minutes of added time.
45'+3 Offside, Manchester United. Patrick Dorgu is caught offside.
45'+4 Andrey Santos (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
45'+4 Foul by Matthijs de Ligt (Manchester United).
45'+5 Andrey Santos (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
45'+5 Foul by Casemiro (Manchester United).
45'+5 Dismissal - Second yellow card to Casemiro (Manchester United) for a bad foul. "It's never straightforward at Manchester United! Casemiro has lost his head there and opened the game up for Chelsea. He shakes his head as he walks off, but can have no complaints."
45'+7 BIG CHANCE! Attempt missed. Marc Cucurella (Chelsea) right footed shot from the right side of the box is too high. Assisted by Moisés Caicedo with a through ball following a set piece situation.
45'+10 Foul by Reece James (Chelsea).
45'+10 Patrick Dorgu (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
45'+11 Half-Time: First Half ends, Manchester United 2, Chelsea 0. Two goals and two red cards - a frantic half of football at Old Trafford! The game looked all but over after Ruben Amorim's side raced into a two-goal lead following Robert Sanchez's red card in the sixth minute. However, a sending off for Casemiro has now blown this fixture wide open yet again. Plenty more drama to come after the break!
Man Utd accumulated an xG of 1.41 in the first half, their most in the first half of a Premier League match under Ruben Amorim and their most under any manager since October 2024 (1.72 v West Ham under Erik ten Hag).

46' Second Half begins Manchester United 2, Chelsea 0. Hold onto your hats, or umbrellas if you are in Manchester currently, we are back under way at Old Trafford. Will Chelsea battle back after seeing Man Utd reduced to 10 men too or will Ruben Amorim's side hold onto their lead? Let's find out...
46' Substitution, Manchester United. Manuel Ugarte replaces Benjamin Sesko.
46' João Pedro (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
46' Foul by Harry Maguire (Manchester United).
48' Foul by Enzo Fernández (Chelsea).
48' Manuel Ugarte (Manchester United) wins a free kick on the left wing.
48' Enzo Fernández (Chelsea) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Enzo catches Ugarte late with his stoods up. He is lucky to see that one escape a VAR review too for a red card.
49' Wesley Fofana (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the defensive half. "The rain is really settling on the Old Trafford pitch now. These conditions make the game so unpredictable. One goal for Chelsea could really turn the mood here. All it takes is one slip or misplaced pass. The surface is tricky to navigate."
49' Foul by Manuel Ugarte (Manchester United).
50' Foul by Trevoh Chalobah (Chelsea).
50' Amad Diallo (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
50' Trevoh Chalobah (Chelsea) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. It's a feisty one at Old Trafford. 
53' Moisés Caicedo (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
53' Foul by Manuel Ugarte (Manchester United).
54' Foul by Harry Maguire (Manchester United).
54' Andrey Santos (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
54' Delay in match because of an injury Andrey Santos (Chelsea).
55' Delay over. They are ready to continue.
56: CHANCE! Mbeumo is found in the Chelsea half and has space to run into but the ball holds up on the pitch! The conditions are having their say already.
58: CHELSEA COUNTER! United turn the ball over and it's Joao Pedro leading the charge for Chelsea, who momentarily had two players against just Shaw for the hosts. The Chelsea forward gets into the box but Mazraoui then recovers to poke it clear. 
61' Foul by Manuel Ugarte (Manchester United).
61' Moisés Caicedo (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
62: HUGE CHANCE FOR CHELSEA! Enzo plays James in behind down the right and the the Chelsea defender then squares the ball across the face of goal. De Ligt is on hand to deal with the danger. Facing his own goal, he manages to clear the ball out of play for a corner. 
62' Corner, Chelsea. Conceded by Matthijs de Ligt.
63' Attempt missed. Tosin Adarabioyo (Chelsea) header from the right side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Reece James with a cross following a corner.
63' Offside, Chelsea. Wesley Fofana is caught offside. Tosin flicks James' corner and Fofana is then on hand to divert it into the goal from point-blank range but the offside flag cuts his celebrations short!
64' Substitution, Chelsea. Tyrique George replaces Wesley Fofana.
64' Substitution, Chelsea. Malo Gusto replaces Marc Cucurella.
65' Substitution, Manchester United. Matheus Cunha replaces Noussair Mazraoui.
68' Amad Diallo (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
68' Foul by Tyrique George (Chelsea).
69: CUNHA CHANCE! The United forward cuts inside from the left and drives at the Chelsea goal but passes on the opportunity to curl an effort towards goal. His stray pass is cleared away.
70' Substitution, Manchester United. Mason Mount replaces Bryan Mbeumo. "Another good performance from Mbeumo."
70' Substitution, Manchester United. Leny Yoro replaces Harry Maguire.
72' Altay Bayindir (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
72' Foul by Tyrique George (Chelsea).
72' Tyrique George (Chelsea) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
74' Bruno Fernandes (Manchester United) wins a free kick on the right wing.
74' Foul by Moisés Caicedo (Chelsea).
75' Attempt missed. Amad Diallo (Manchester United) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Matthijs de Ligt with a cross following a set piece situation. Fernandes' initial cross is cleared but De Ligt keeps the attack alive by crossing the ball to Amad at the back post. He tries an acrobatic effort on goal but it bounces wide of the target.
78' Foul by Luke Shaw (Manchester United).
78' Enzo Fernández (Chelsea) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
78' Foul by Matthijs de Ligt (Manchester United).
78' João Pedro (Chelsea) wins a free kick on the right wing.
79' Corner, Chelsea. Conceded by Luke Shaw.
80' Corner, Chelsea. Conceded by Luke Shaw.
80' Goal! Manchester United 2, Chelsea 1. Trevoh Chalobah (Chelsea) header from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Reece James with a cross following a corner. "Here we go then. Man Utd went to sleep at that corner. No one pressed Reece James putting the delivery in and Trevoh Chalobah had a free header. So poor."
83' Attempt saved. Bruno Fernandes (Manchester United) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner by Filip Jörgensen (Chelsea). FERNANDES FIGHTS BACK! The United captain wins the ball back off James and leads the charge for his team. He's isolated in the Chelsea half and tries his luck from range, forcing Jorgensen to tip the shot out for a corner. Fernandes jeers the Old Trafford crowd up shortly after. "Bruno Fernandes leading by example and he urges the Stretford End to cheer their team over the line. That would have been some goal."
83' Corner, Manchester United. Conceded by Filip Jörgensen.
86' Delay in match (Chelsea).
87' Substitution, Manchester United. Kobbie Mainoo replaces Bruno Fernandes.
87' Delay over. They are ready to continue.
90'+1 Fourth official has announced 7 minutes of added time.
90'+1 Kobbie Mainoo (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
90'+1 Foul by Tyrique George (Chelsea).
90'+2 Offside, Chelsea. Tyrique George is caught offside.
90'+4 HUGE CHANCE! Attempt blocked. Andrey Santos (Chelsea) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by João Pedro. James causes mass panic in the penalty area again with another dangerous cross from the right! United scramble the ball away after Bayindir parried the ball back into the area. Santos saw his effort blocked from close range...
90'+4 Offside, Manchester United. Amad Diallo is caught offside.
90'+5 Corner, Chelsea. Conceded by Luke Shaw. "Nervous moments for the home team."
90'+6 Matheus Cunha (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the attacking half. COUNTER! James loses the ball and his balance, sparking a United counter up the other end! Cunha drives with the ball over the half way and invites the challenge from Tosin, fouling him.
90'+6 Foul by Tosin Adarabioyo (Chelsea).
90'+6 Tosin Adarabioyo (Chelsea) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
90'+7 Corner, Manchester United. Conceded by Moisés Caicedo.
90'+8 Full-Time: Second Half ends, Manchester United 2, Chelsea 1. An absolute thriller on Saturday Night Football. Ruben Amorim emerge from the chaos with a well-needed win. United raced into a two-goal lead thanks to goals from Bruno Fernandes and Casemiro following a red card for Robert Sanchez. A second yellow for Casemiro teed the game up for a frantic second half and despite Trevoh Chalobah pulling one goal back, United held on to secure all three points. Bruno Fernandes led United from the front, and with his 100th goal for the club ensured his side to a much-needed victory.
