Context: Hello and welcome to Narnia. Only in this land of make-believe can Roma possibly get the huge victory they require today to oust Barcelona and reach the semi-finals of the Champions League.
coverage continues from Rome as Roma welcome Barcelona for the second leg of their quarter-final. Barcelona ran out 4-1 winners in the first leg at Camp Nou last week, and are therefore the overwhelming favourites to finish the job in Rome tonight. Can Roma turn things around in front of their own supporters?
But hold on, that’s not true at all! For Roma do not need to look as far as CS Lewis for inspiration: they need only follow the example of Barcelona themselves. Just last season, remember, Barça produced an even more improbable comeback to get everyone laughing at Paris Saint-Germain. A performance like that from Roma and the referee would see Roma through today. In fact, a performance like the one that Roma produced when tonking Chelsea 3-0 in October would also do the job. It could happen!
Roma actually played pretty well for long stages of the first leg, but two own goals saw them fall 2-0 behind, before Gerard Pique made it 3-0 just before the hour. Edin Dzeko had one back for the visitors in the 80th minute, but Luis Suarez's late strike has seemingly put the tie beyond the home side tonight.
Roma did beat Barcelona 3-0 on home soil during the second group stage of the 2001-02 Champions League, however, and that result here would see them progress to the semi-finals. It is very difficult to imagine Barcelona not scoring, but a couple of early goals for Roma and anything could happen.

Roma should be fresh, at least. They rested their entire team for their Serie A match at the weekend, accepting a 2-0 defeat by Fiorentina to keep their muscles and minds strong for today’s challenge, while Barcelona beat Leganes 3-1.
3 - Barcelona have conceded just three goals in this season’s Champions League, fewer than any other side. Fortress. It has been a remarkable season for Barcelona when considering that they are yet to lose in the league. Valverde's side will reclaim the Spanish title, and will face Sevilla in Copa del Rey final as they look to claim a domestic double. The addition of the Champions League would make it a famous treble.
This is their first appearance in the quarter-finals of the Champions League since the 2007-08 campaign, when they lost 3-0 on aggregate to Manchester United. Roma have actually won just four of their last 11 home matches in the Champions League, and they have never managed to overturn a three-goal first-leg deficit in European competition. It is some ask for the Italian giants to move past Barcelona when considering what happened in the first leg last week.

Lineups are announced
Roma: Becker; Jesus, Fazio, Manolas; Kolarov, Strootman, De Rossi, Nainggolan, Florenzi; Schick, Dzeko.
Subs: Skorupski, Pellegrini, Under, Gonalons, Peres, Gerson, El Shaarawy. 

Barcelona: Ter Stegen; Semedo, Piqué, Umtiti, Alba; Sergi Roberto, Rakitic, Busquets, Iniesta; Messi, Suarez.
Subs: Cillessen, D Duarez, Dembélé, Paulinho, Alacer, Gomes, Vermaelen. 

0' "Not even in Naria would FC Barcelona implode like Paris-Saint Germain the worst case of game management I’ve seen. FC Barcelona at full strength Roma would’ve 2 call on all the gods the 300, Frodo & his crew, Tinkerbell, an army of ninjas & Bagpuss 2 go through & I think they’re all watching Manchester City v Liverpool"
1' First Half begins. KICK OFF! Here comes the teams, entering a packed arena to a melodious din. Roma’s salvage mission is under way... it must be said that there is a wonderful atmosphere inside the stadium tonight, and Roma will need their supporters if they are to turn things around in this tie.
2' Roma are playing with a back three, the first time all season they have used the formation. The trio are Manolas, Fazio and Jesus. Got to admire a manager who trials a new adventurous defence scheme against Messi and Suarez.
4' SAVE! Bigh Chance! Barcelona are in charge so far. And they nearly open the scoring, too, by working the ball to Sergi Roberto on the right-hand side of the box. But he shot straight at Becker.
5 min: Kolarav rolls a pass on the left-hand side of the Barcelona box to Dzeko, who is shouldered off it by Semedo. The crowd howl for a penalty but the referee doesn’t bow to the pressure.
6' GOAL! Roma 1, Barcelona 0 (agg: 2-4) (Dzeko) Dzeko chases a dink - superb long pass by De Rossi - over the top of the Barcelona defence and gets to it before Umtiti. As the keeper rushes out to meet him, he pokes it into the net from eight yards! Super pass, and a really smart finish from the centre-forward! The crowd go wild! The comeback dream has got a little more real!
9' Jesus concedes a foul in a dangerous position. The freekick is a couple of yards outside the D. And Messi is standing over it. It is a really open game at the moment as both teams continue to enjoy possession of the ball.
10' Messi curls his shot over the wall ... and over the bar. The crowd cheer as if the home team have scored again!
12' Nainggolan digs out a decent cross from the left. But Pique heads it clear at the near post.
13' Umtiti thinks he has time at the edge of his own area. Dzeko shows him he’s wrong, charging in from the blind side and nicking the ball off him. Barcelona scramble and concede a corner.
14' CLOSE! Kolarov curls in a vicious corner. Schick gets a glancing header to it at the near post, but sends his effort over. "It has been raining on and off in Rome all day, and that has made the surface nice and fast. That should suit Barcelona, but it is Roma playing the football at the moment as they continue to probe."
16' Schick robs Iniesta in midfield - Roma’s pressing is discombobulating the visitors. The Czech then feeds Dzeko, who tries to make space for a shot at the edge of the area but is crowded out. "Barcelona continue to play out from the back, and that seems dangerous against a Roma team that are very much on the front foot."
17' Nainggolan is teed up for a volley from 25 yards by Dzeko. But he shanks it many yards wide. "The away side are struggling to get out at the moment as the pressure continues."
19' Barcelona stroke the ball around in their own half. Fazio is having none of it and dashes in to try to throw a spanner in their works. But he’s a bit to cavalier with his chucking. Freekick to Barcelona.
20' Sustained pressure by Roma. They’re surrounding the Barcelona box and mixing up their approach nicely, sometimes lofting the ball in for the head of Dezko, sometimes trying a more intricate pass. But Barcelona held off their latest flurry well. "Roma do appear to have given themselves too much to do tonight, which is a shame when considering how well they have started. Even a 3-1 defeat last week would have given them a serious chance, but that late Suarez effort for 4-1 was a killer. As it stands, the Italian side trail 4-2 on aggregate."
22' "Former Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson is in the crowd at the Stadio Olimpico, and there is no question that the Scot will have appreciated what Roma have served up in the first 24 minutes. Couldn’t bring himself to watch today’s big match in Manchester?"
24' De Rossi and Rakitic briefly square up to each other after the Croat takes exception to some jostling by the Italian. Moments later Strootman rolls beautifully past Busquests and Iniesta before being fouled by the latter - the Dutchman will be uploading that clip to YouTube later, no doubt.
26' Dzeko tries to lash a ball across the face of goal but it’s deflected to Kolaraov, who attempts a shot from a tight angle. That, too, is deflected, giving Roma a corner. The corner is cleared. "Roma are winning the midfield battle at the moment as Strootman bursts through Iniesta and Busquets." 
28' Kolarov is the latest player to drive into the Barcelona box, but Pique is across to make the challenge. "Barcelona are trying to take the sting out of this game with possession play but Roma’s aggression is relentless. The hosts are continually dispossessing the visitors. Barcelona just cannot seem to get going at the moment as the pressure from the home side continues."
30' BIG CHANCE! Fazio curls in a cross from the right. Somehow Schick is completely free eight yards out! He gets a powerful header to it ... but guides it wide! "He just had to score from there! That was a mighty let-off for Barcelona."
32' Nainggolan leads another burst into the Barça box. The ball breaks at speed to Schick, who can’t quite get it under enough control to take a clean shot from 10 yards - otherwise, Roma could have had a second goal. "It’s mayhem in there! Barcelona are hanging on! Still all Roma here."
33' Roma continue to surround the Barcelona box. "The crowd urge them on: the force in these ones is strong."
35' SAVE! Florenzi floats a cross to the back post. Dzeko, after adjusting his run, aims a looping header towards goals. Ter Stegen tip it over for a corner. From the setpiece Kolarov heads high over the bar.
38' Booking! Fazio (Roma) shown the yellow card. Fazio misjudges a bouncing ball at the edge of the area. Suarez leans into him and goes down. Freekick to Barcelona just outside the D, nearly dead centre. Take 2 for Messi ...
41' The French ref gives Fazio an angry lecture about the importance of retreating 10 yards when instructed to do so. Fazio nods as if promising to obey from now on. Then Messi steps up ... and curls the freekick several yards over. That was farther away than the first one.
43' Dzeko, who is having a splendid game, galumphs down the left to retrieve a breaking ball. He holds up well before laying it back to a team-mate. "Dzeko is causing Barcelona so many problems, with the striker using his body well. He is also running away from Umtiti and Pique, which is a concern for Valverde."
45' Rakitic tries to release Messi with a neat ball from deep. but Manolas read it and gets to the ball before the Argentinian marvel.
45' Booking! Jesus (Roma) is shown the yellow card for clumping into Messi from behind.
45+1' Half-time: Roma 1-0 Barcelona. Roma leading Barcelona 1-0 on the night courtesy of an early goal from Dzeko. "That was a very good half from Roma. Their only regret will be that they did not score more. But they have Barcelona rattled and the comeback is still a real possibility."
Barcelona actually shaded the first-half possession with 55%, but they only managed one attempt on target in the first period, which came extremely early when Alisson denied Roberto. Roma, meanwhile, hit the target with two of their eight attempts, and they have been absolutely superb here.

46' Second half begins. The teams are ready to go again, with the same players as in the first half. But will Barcelona have found extra energy? If not, they could be toppled. Just a reminder that Roma need another two goals to take the lead in this tie.
47' It’s been a good start to the second half by Barcelona. They haven’t threatened but they’re kept the ball pretty well, denying Roma any chance to work up another head of steam.
49' Dzeko spanks an excellent pass to Florenzi wide on the right. The winger delivers a testing cross. Ter Stegen watches it floated over him. But no Roma player can reach it at the far post.
51' Furious pressing by Roma. "They’ve got that head of steam up again. Barcelona can’t get out of their half. but Barcelona are not overly uncomfortable as they sit deep and soak up the pressure."
52' Rakitic fees a useful pass into the right-hand channel to relieve the pressure Sergi Roberto chases after it. But he’s eased out of the way by Manolas, who quickly gets another counter-attacking going. Barcelona are out of their depth in terms of physicality.
55' Semedo runs into Kolarov as the pair chases a pass down the left wing. The ref gives Barcelona a freekick. A lucky break for the Catalans, and a chance for some respite.
56' Roma’s pressing pays off again! Strootman wins the ball in midfield and quickly fees Schick, who hurls himself to the ground.
57' PENALTY TO ROMA! Dzeko - brilliant all night - was pulled down by Pique after outmuscling the defender. The ref initially didn’t give it but, perhaps after advice from an assistant, eventually points to the spot. It’s the correct decision.
58' GOAL! Roma 2, Barcelona 0 (Agg: 3-4) (De Rossi pen 58) De Rossi, who scored an own goal in the first leg, places a fine spotkick into the corner. One more goal and Roma will go through (provided they don’t concede). Barcelona are clinging on! "The atmosphere in the Stadio Olimpico is absolutely intoxicating: the locals sense their team is on the verge of a historic comeback. And their players continue to bully Barcelona all over the pitch!"
63' Booking! Messi pulls down Kolarov and is shown the yellow card. That tells you all you need to know about how things are going. "Barcelona just cannot keep the ball. The away team have been so poor in possession here."
66' Barcelona have a freekick near half-way. They try to run down the clock ...
68' SAVE! A Roma player lofts a hopeful ball into the box. Nainggolan gets to it first and, while leaning back, tries to sidefoot a volley into the net from 12 yards. It’s a decent effort but straight at the keeper. “If, and that is a huge if, Roma could pull off the win, can we call it ‘Romantada’?”. And you might well get the chance to use it. I’d make Roma favourites at this point."
69' CLOSE! So close! De Rossi gets his head to a cross from the left ... but nods inches wide from six yards! Surely the third goal is coming for Roma with still more than 20 minutes to play here. "Roma are channeling the spirit of the Metz team of 1984. I wonder, if Roma complete the job, which player will ask Messi where his ham is?"
72' Substitution, Roma: Under on, Schick off, no doubt knackered after a sterling performance. Just before that change took place, Suarez was booked for wasting time.
74' Messi has a pop from the edge of the area. He gets good power on it despite minimal backlift. but Becker clasps it to his chest.
75' Ter Stegen kicks the ball downfield. Suarez and Jesus challenge for it. The defender’s arm brushes Suarez, who takes that as a cue to flop the grass and appeal for medical and referee intervention. The ref isn’t buying his act but Barcelona do, at least, get a breather.
76' Substitution, Roma: El Shaarawy on, Nainggolan off.
78' Barcelona have summoned some gumption at last and are zipping the ball around in a way that is irritating Roma, who just want to get it back so that they can tear forward anew.
79' BIG SAVE! Super save from Ter Stegen to keep out a close-range effort from Kolarov! Roma launch another counter-attack. Florenzi chops back on to his left foot and flights a dinky ball from the right beyond the far post. Kolarov stretches out a leg and turns it towards goal from three yards. Ter Stegen makes a superb reflex save to bat it away! A gasp goes around the ground!
81' Substitution, Barcelona: Gomes on, Iniesta off after exerting little influence amid the Roma whirlwind.
82' If Barcelona succeed in hanging on here, everyone will want them in the semi-final, not least Liverpool, who would demolish them.
82' Ter Stegen gathers an effort from Under as Roma continue to force the issue.
83' GOAL! Roma 3-0 Barcelona (agg: 4-4, Roma lead on away goals) (Manolas 83) The greek defender sends a glancing six-yard header into the net from a corner! "Oh my goodness! Incredible scenes! The Stadio Olimpico erupts as Manolas rushes to the home dugout, where he is engulfed by dozens of team-mates, staff and balls boys!". ""Roma have risen from their ruins! Manolas, the Greek God in Rome! The unthinkable unfolds before our eyes. This was not meant to happen, this could not happen... this is happening!"
84' Substitution, Barcelona: Dembélé replaces Semedo.
84' Substitution, Barcelona: Alcacer on for Busquets. Barcelona have five minutes plus stoppage time to score the goal that they have not looked like scoring at all so far.
86' Dembele’s first involvement is a low cross from the right that Manolas turns behind for a corner. It’s humped into the box. Roma struggle to clear. it bobbles around the box. Messi pounces on it and forces his way past two defenders and to within six yards of goal ... but he never quite has the ball under control, and Becker is able to rush out and intercept!
87' Barcelona launch a couple of long balls into the Roma box. "When tiki-taka fails, there’s always hoofery."
88' Alba flips a lovely pass to Messi, who flashes a low ball across the face of goal. Manolas is again in the way: he’s not about to let anyone deny him his status as match-winner!
89' Roma are living on the edge now. Barcelona are applying serious pressure at last. Messi skedaddles down the right and cuts back on to his left foot. He spots Suarez on the fr side of the box and pings the ball over to him. Suarez chops back and tries to curl a shot into the far corner, but Jesus is Roma’s saviour with a strong block.
90+1' Fourth official has anonunced 4 minutes of added time. Barcelona have at least four minutes to find the goal that would save their hides and break Roman hearts.
90+2' CLOSE! Chaos at the back for Roma! becker rushes out of his box to intercept a ball over the top after th ref waved play on despite mass Roma appeals for offside. The ball breaks to Dembele, who lifts it over the stranded keeper from 30 yards .... and it drops just over the bar!
90+3' Dzeko, who has been superb all night, wins a freekick deep in Barcelona territory. The crowd acclaim him as if he’s netted a hat-trick.
90+4' Full Time: Roma 3-0 Barcelona (Agg: 4-4 - Roma win on away goals). Roma have their Romatada! ROMA MAKE THE SEMI-FINALS OF THE CHAMPIONS LEAGUE, for the first time since 1984, ON AWAY GOALS! And mamma mia, how they deserved it! They overwhelmed Barcelona from start to finish and had the Catalans trying to hang on from the opening stages. But Messi & Co couldn’t manage it. What a performance by the hosts. Roma are in wonderland! The stadium is in absolute ecstasy. What a night!









